{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular_wdth_opsz120000_GRAD_wght2580000;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular_wdth_opsz110000_GRAD_wght2580000;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red36\green36\blue36;\red249\green249\blue249;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c18824\c18824\c18824;\cssrgb\c98039\c98039\c98039;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16680\viewh15440\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Attribute Information\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs27 \cf2 \cb3 Additional Information\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 Number of Attributes: 61 (58 predictive attributes, 2 non-predictive, 1 goal field)\
\
Attribute Information:\
     0. url:                           URL of the article (non-predictive)\
     1. timedelta:                     Days between the article publication and the dataset acquisition (non-predictive)\
     2. n_tokens_title:                Number of words in the title\
     3. n_tokens_content:              Number of words in the content\
     4. n_unique_tokens:               Rate of unique words in the content\
     5. n_non_stop_words:              Rate of non-stop words in the content\
     6. n_non_stop_unique_tokens:      Rate of unique non-stop words in the content\
     7. num_hrefs:                     Number of links\
     8. num_self_hrefs:                Number of links to other articles published by Mashable\
     9. num_imgs:                      Number of images\
    10. num_videos:                    Number of videos\
    11. average_token_length:          Average length of the words in the content\
    12. num_keywords:                  Number of keywords in the metadata\
    13. data_channel_is_lifestyle:     Is data channel 'Lifestyle'?\
    14. data_channel_is_entertainment: Is data channel 'Entertainment'?\
    15. data_channel_is_bus:           Is data channel 'Business'?\
    16. data_channel_is_socmed:        Is data channel 'Social Media'?\
    17. data_channel_is_tech:          Is data channel 'Tech'?\
    18. data_channel_is_world:         Is data channel 'World'?\
    19. kw_min_min:                    Worst keyword (min. shares)\
    20. kw_max_min:                    Worst keyword (max. shares)\
    21. kw_avg_min:                    Worst keyword (avg. shares)\
    22. kw_min_max:                    Best keyword (min. shares)\
    23. kw_max_max:                    Best keyword (max. shares)\
    24. kw_avg_max:                    Best keyword (avg. shares)\
    25. kw_min_avg:                    Avg. keyword (min. shares)\
    26. kw_max_avg:                    Avg. keyword (max. shares)\
    27. kw_avg_avg:                    Avg. keyword (avg. shares)\
    28. self_reference_min_shares:     Min. shares of referenced articles in Mashable\
    29. self_reference_max_shares:     Max. shares of referenced articles in Mashable\
    30. self_reference_avg_sharess:    Avg. shares of referenced articles in Mashable\
    31. weekday_is_monday:             Was the article published on a Monday?\
    32. weekday_is_tuesday:            Was the article published on a Tuesday?\
    33. weekday_is_wednesday:          Was the article published on a Wednesday?\
    34. weekday_is_thursday:           Was the article published on a Thursday?\
    35. weekday_is_friday:             Was the article published on a Friday?\
    36. weekday_is_saturday:           Was the article published on a Saturday?\
    37. weekday_is_sunday:             Was the article published on a Sunday?\
    38. is_weekend:                    Was the article published on the weekend?\
    39. LDA_00:                        Closeness to LDA topic 0\
    40. LDA_01:                        Closeness to LDA topic 1\
    41. LDA_02:                        Closeness to LDA topic 2\
    42. LDA_03:                        Closeness to LDA topic 3\
    43. LDA_04:                        Closeness to LDA topic 4\
    44. global_subjectivity:           Text subjectivity\
    45. global_sentiment_polarity:     Text sentiment polarity\
    46. global_rate_positive_words:    Rate of positive words in the content\
    47. global_rate_negative_words:    Rate of negative words in the content\
    48. rate_positive_words:           Rate of positive words among non-neutral tokens\
    49. rate_negative_words:           Rate of negative words among non-neutral tokens\
    50. avg_positive_polarity:         Avg. polarity of positive words\
    51. min_positive_polarity:         Min. polarity of positive words\
    52. max_positive_polarity:         Max. polarity of positive words\
    53. avg_negative_polarity:         Avg. polarity of negative  words\
    54. min_negative_polarity:         Min. polarity of negative  words\
    55. max_negative_polarity:         Max. polarity of negative  words\
    56. title_subjectivity:            Title subjectivity\
    57. title_sentiment_polarity:      Title polarity\
    58. abs_title_subjectivity:        Absolute subjectivity level\
    59. abs_title_sentiment_polarity:  Absolute polarity level\
    60. shares:                        Number of shares (target)\cb1 \
}